create-platformatic interactive cli tool (#427)
platformatic/platformatic: packages/create-platformatic-db/src/README.md

# Platformatic DB API

> This is a template application for [Platformatic DB](https://oss.platformatic.dev).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a generated [Platformatic DB](https://oss.platformatic.dev) application.
```

## Requirements

Platformatic supports macOS, Linux and Windows ([WSL](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/wsl/) recommended).

> You'll need to [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) >= v16.17.0 or >= v18.8.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll need to have [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) >= v16.17.0 or >= v18.8.0 installed.
```

> ## Usage

Reviewer: We should include details on creating and running migrations here too, including links to docs. This is especially important if the user chose not to generate or apply migrations during the app generation process.
